# news feeds
http://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/.rss news
http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/.rss news
http://www.reddit.com/r/Transhuman/.rss news
http://lesswrong.com/.rss news
http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/.rss news
http://feeds.reuters.com/Reuters/worldNews news

# application feeds
http://vimcasts.org/feeds/ogg vim
http://vimbits.com/bits.rss?sort=new vim

# thinking
https://what-if.xkcd.com/feed.atom thought
http://piercework.typepad.com/just_jen/atom.xml thought
http://feeds.feedburner.com/brainpickings/rss thought
http://discovermagazine.com/rss/blog-feeds/dbrief thought

# blogs
http://smshum101.wordpress.com/feed/ blogs
http://gardenstategoldenstate.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default blogs
http://musing.kennbivins.com/feed/ blogs
http://thebloggess.com/?feed=rss2 blogs
http://feedproxy.google.com/EvanSultanik blogs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/stephentudor blogs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/destroytoday blogs

# religion
http://feeds.feedburner.com/conversiondiary religion
http://www.therues.com/blog/index.php/feed/ religion

# funny
http://www.ironicsans.com/atom.xml funny
http://xkcd.com/rss.xml funny
http://perfectionkills.com/feed/atom/ funny
http://grainandgram.com/blog/?feed=rss2 funny
http://www.anti9to5guide.com/feed/ funny
